---
layout: post
title: "Utah"
date: 2018-08-30 08:00:00 -0500
published: false
categories: Race
---

I climbed my first mountain today.
It all started when i heard queen's `bohemian rapsody`. 
Queen was saying `is this the real life, or is this just fantasy, caught in a landslide, no escape from reality`.
it is the tragedy of never being certain.
So I climbed the mountain.
I told everyone I planned on doing it.
And I fucking did it.

funny part is, as I was going up, paranoia set in.
I thought how I was going to get caught.
Then  I thought about how much shit everyone was saying.
"What is the crazy guy doing?"
"He is going to break his legs"
Then I thought about how if I slipped I would only prove everyone right and i should had stayed back.

Eventually I did get to the top and I fantisized about how awesome everyone must think I am.
That they were watching my every movement with their high powered len's on their camera.
I would occasionally do a stoic pose as I set my gaze up the sawtooth mountains.
Eventually I set myself on the highest point and tried to write.
I Couldn't write anyhing without constantly revising. 

so i gave up.
I realized that climbing a mountain did not make me a different person. 
Like queen said, i was stuck in reality.
 

[put picture here]({{'' }}) 
What
`Rebecca's Private Idaho`

Who
Stephen Wasmund, Anna, Sarah, Jon, Christine, Eli, Amy, Mark?

Where
Ketchum Idaho/ Sun Valley

When
Today

Why
Rebecca's Private Idaho Race 

How
On my cross bike silly.

