---
layout: post
title: "A New Reality"
date: 2018-06-03 21:30:00 -0500
categories: Personal Development 
---

Last January, I decided to learn mobile development. At first with android and then iOS. My life has taken on radical changes since then. For one, I drink a lot less alcohol. I no longer felt capable of depriving myself of sleep, money, and body hydration when I could be working on tutorials. It was extremely tough for me to say "No" to my friends. I imagined they would be upset if I did which is a weird thing to think in retrospect. All of my friends have been supportive and have shown excitment to see me when I do feel motivated to go out for a drink.  

I sleep less. My alarm is set for 5:00 am, however, I wake up around 4:45am. I usually can't wait to get my day started. My morning routine is to hit the gym at 5am when they open and then run to the coffee shop to work on tutorials. I also like to be in bed sometimes around 10pm

I no longer have the patience to do long workout sessions. Instead I will do short 20-30 minute workout sessions. I will usually hit up two or three HIIT classes at my gym in a week. Overall, I think I am doing well far as maintaining the gainz ;)

I have fewer friends but stronger relationships. With me not going out as much, I find that most my communications is with people that are involved in my immediate life such as family, roommate, co-workers. 

Negatives:
I would say the biggest negative change I have undergone is the inability to truly relax and sleep in. 

Positives: 
Biggest positive change is a sense of purpose in life. I truly feel committed to a cause that I think is worth while.

Suprises:
I thought I would be more lonely spending more time studying mobile development however the opposite is true. I definitely feel lonely but I also feel much more connected when I am in communication with someone. 

What I Wish I could change:
There are certain people that I have always struggled to be close with. I thought maybe given the changes to my lifestyle, I could get closer, however, I am not able to close that distance. If there is one consolation is I no longer blame myself and feel as if I am moving on.

Things I need to work on:
Some of my relationships are extremely complicated and I have noticed that there are critical moments when I need to be careful what I say or do. I do want to mention that I think I recently made a major mistake with one of those relationships. I can sometimes let my guard down when I shouldn't and end up being a bit too agreeable. This particular situation allowed for that person to sort of call me out on something that I would have normally never done.  

