---
layout: post
title: "Tubing on the Wisconsin with the Hash House Harriers"
date: 2018-07-24 10:00:00 -0500
published: false
categories: Lifestyle
---

Every year, the Madison `Hash House Harriers` hosts tubing on the Wisconsin river.
This event is especially fun since it is a chance to bike there, drink beer, camp, drink beer, swim, drink beer, trail running, drink beer, and sitting around a campfire drinking beer.

Two years ago, a group of us  biked out halfway to the tubing event at a state park. 
Most the bike riding took place on some military ridge (`rails to trail`) bike path. 

This year, it was rainy and shitty out and only three of us rode. We avoided military ridge since the trail would be mushy from all the rain.
Instead, we rode backroads that had very little traffic the whole way.

This year I biked out with two others. We did not camp in between, however, we made sure to stop every 10 or so miles for a deserved beer break.
About 5 miles from the campsite, we found a trailer yard that had a ranchero vehicle. 
We all jumped in and started to drink away at our beers.
We have a strange fascination with El Camino's and this was the closest thing to one. 

I would say about 15 poeple camped out Friday and 25 on Saturday.
Each day we would play frisby, card & board games, drink beer and eventually sit around a camp fire.
Our neighbors sent us a flavorful alcoholic root beer.
In kind, we gave them malort :)
It was four of them and they swore it was the worse thing that they ever drunk.


 


 
This is one of my favorite events because I am able to bike 40 miles, drink beer, trail running, more beer, swimming, more beer, 40 mile ride home, beer and did I mention beer? 

Preparing for the event motivated me to invest in some decent camping gear. 
I went on amazon and bought a lightweight two person tent, chair, and table. 
 I was easily able to strap all that on my back rack. 
 
The bike ride out to the wisconsin river was a bit of a challenge. 
There was some rain and a lot of headwind. 
I rode with two others to keep me company.

Preparing for  the event is fun too. 
My commuter bike had a creak in it that was annoying me to no end so I finally found the motivation to take a part the bottom bracket, grease things up, and tighten everything.

My favorite part of the event was not the actual riding, tubing, drinking, or all the other fun having. 
It was waking up at 5:30am and riding 7 miles to spring green and enjoying breakfast at the "Break of Dawn" restuarant.
I brought my laptop with me and would spend a couple hours working on iOS tutorials. 

My second favorite part of the weekend was after the tubing. I busted out `Cathedral` and we had a tournament going of  none stop game play.

